>Oh, honestly, Gilles! You send us to your website just for that
qualia

>nonsense? 

>


James I KNOW you are not a HLUT as defined by Hans.

HLUT is programmed only to handle ASCII characters ONLY. The number of
lines in my messages is actually depending on the size of your window
and its visual appearance. I could have put
<color><param>0000,0000,FFFF</param>colors</color> if your mailer
accept them and ask you which color you are seeing. I could have put a
picture on my web page and ask you what you saw on the picture. The
information you get is not brought by words.


>Firstly, you say 'if you arrive at this web page, I know you are not
a

>HLUT'. I can prove that is wrong immediately: I submitted your page to
a web

>spidering HLUT called Scooter, who has probably visited it by now.


Scooter is NOT a HLUT if it visits my page. Again HLUT is only able to
send ASCII characters which are unable to create a connexion in a
binary form. The human being give sense to the language because it is
related to qualia : when you say "it's green" you really see green.
When you say " I'm hungry" you  are really hungry.  A HLUT has no way
to feel that just because there is no place in its program to handle
this kind of information. If its answer depends on it, it will be
unable to react like a human being.

 You probably reacted to the http adress by really clicking on your
mouse - something impossible for a program. Of course you can now write
 a program which handle http addresses because you know it exists. But
can you NOW write a program that will be able to handle this kind of
information in ten years, when it may be that we communicate with
computers just by touching the screen or speaking? You have now no idea
of how it will be done and the binary procedures they will use. The
information is NOT available for normal human beings who will just know
they have to perform some physical task (unless you are working in
computer networks, you are probably totally unaware of what your
computer is actually doing when you click on Web address!!)


If you are not convinced, can you ask your super HLUT how is the
weather today in England? (I have many other questions in store!!)


>Secondly, I assure you I have no 'qualia'. You get confused woith
'internal'

>and 'external' sensations and actions because you don't realise that
your

>brain is not one siingle processor, but millions of complex systems,
all

>interacting and each with it's own 'internal' and 'external'. I just
have

>various inputs and outputs to various parts of my compressed HLUT. To
some

>neurones, the inputs are outputs of the other neurones, and vice
versa. 


IF you are able to handle all visual, auditive, internal sensations
like a human and associate them correctly with a language, you are
actually a human-like machine but not a HLUT (actually Hans estimated
that a HLUT would need 10^(10^13) nodes ONLY for language, whereas the
known Universe has only 10^80 particles...) So bravo to the one who
built you!! I think he will earn more money than Bill Gates...


Gilles


